TCD-145_improve-public-documentation (#117)
LiveIntent/live-connect: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/liveintent-berlin/live-connect/branch/master/graph/badge.svg?token=P5sRpM4U6k)](https://codecov.io/gh/liveintent-berlin/live-connect)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/LiveIntent/live-connect.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/LiveIntent/live-connect/alerts/)
[![Language grade: JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/javascript/g/LiveIntent/live-connect.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/LiveIntent/live-connect/context:javascript)

> [//]: # "[![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/LiveIntent/live-connect/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/LiveIntent/live-connect?type=dev)"

Reviewer: What are these changes for? This is what I see when I view the page:
<img width="1098" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-01 at 17 12 17" src="https://github.com/LiveIntent/live-connect/assets/34981284/c4ea93c6-77a1-44c1-b74c-6ed0ec21b490">

Author: The [CM-484 ticket](https://liveintent.atlassian.net/browse/CM-848) is for taking care of the  issues:

[//]: # "[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/LiveIntent/live-connect/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/LiveIntent/live-connect)"

## Main concepts

> The LiveConnect module offers a convenient solution for generating and collecting first-party identifiers based on your preferences. It enables you to send this information to a designated endpoint, where it can be efficiently processed and analyzed. With LiveConnect, you gain a straightforward interface that facilitates the collection of identifiers from web pages, as well as capturing user interactions alongside these identifiers.

Reviewer: The data can be sent to any endpoint. Also ones that are not owned by LiveIntent. I would rather change the description to somethings like 
```suggestion
The LiveConnect module offers a convenient solution for generating and collecting first-party identifiers based on your preferences, and sending this information to a designated endpoint. With LiveConnect, you gain a straightforward interface that facilitates the collection of identifiers from web pages, as well as capturing user interactions alongside these identifiers.
```

If you're interested in reviewing the type of data being sent, please check [what is being sent](#what-is-being-sent) section of this documentation.

## Quick start
To quickly get started with the LiveConnect module, perform the following steps via the command line interface.

> - Installation: Begin by installing the module using npm. Run the following command: `npm install`.

Reviewer: Strictly speaking, `npm install` installs the dependencies, not the module.

Author: I've now changed that subsection to - Dependency installation. Is that sufficient or
should there be specific details about LiveConnect installation? If yes, how does that work?

- Code Formatting: Ensure your code adheres to the provided eslint file for consistent formatting. Use the command `npm run fix-js` to automatically format your code.
- Unit Testing: Validate the functionality of your code by running the unit tests. Execute the command `npm run test:unit` to initiate the tests.

> - Integration Testing: Verify the integration of LiveConnect by running the integration tests against a dockerized Chrome browser. Use the command `npm run test:it:docker:chrome` to perform these tests.

Reviewer 2: Before one can run integration tests locally, one needs to adjust some test domains (shell for Linux):
```
echo "127.0.0.1 bln.test.liveintent.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 test.liveintent.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 me.idex.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 schmoogle.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 framed.test.liveintent.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 double-framed.test.liveintent.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
echo "127.0.0.1 baked.liveintent.com" | sudo tee -a /etc/hosts
```

Reviewer 2: These domains are crucial if you run any of `npm run test:it:*`. This domain adjustment is provided in test section, but it's outdated there and incomplete

> - Cross-Browser Testing: For a comprehensive evaluation, conduct full integration tests on multiple browsers. Please ensure you have valid Browserstack credentials configured. Run the command `npm run test:it:browserstack` to execute the tests across various browsers.

Reviewer 2: IMHO, it is better if you mention that browserstack needs credentials.
